# Quantum-and-Classic-Realities-And-Monetary-Values
This is merely a though just Came into my head when I just watched a Movie and back home. That was interesting so I prefer to write those down.
And this is also a naive review for a well known speech by Dr.Penrose: 
https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1VuMwzeEXs/?spm_id_from=333.337.search-card.all.click&vd_source=86ac50adfb97fa81fefdc85ec3eee777
## Motivations
I shall introduce two fairly sounding Economic concepts before everything else starts, cost and sunk cost. A cost/ or an opportunity cost of doing a thing is defined as the maximum value you so something else instead, ie the maximal value you gave up. And the sunk costs, in most of cases,  = the monetary investments ( that you pay for a good or servise) - the value that those goods or services.
So if you paid for a movie ticket and you went to the cinema and the movie is just a garbage, your high school economic teacher will told you just leave, because "Sunk Cost is not a actual cost". And clarifying the those concepts is always a great and wise guide to follow. when you know that movie worth 0, and your time worth any positive value, then you should just leave. But the question is: what defines the value? or in other words, which sort of realities makes you leave the cinema or not.

## Quantum facts or Classic facts and implicit procedures
The result is only between leave or not leave (at any instance when you are watching that movie), seem to be a Quantum fact. So if someone else far away from this cinema room, the only information is just the movie contents before those instance or some other information like your jobs, daily consumptions (and those information maybe not complete), so asking them if you left at any instance is almost like asking if a cat in a "magic box" would die at any instance, the only physics answer should be like a porbably tuple like (0.25, 0.75) or the unnormalised ones like (221,776), (12+75i, 28i) or ect... so according to speech from Dr.Penrose, all procedure that induced from informations to that tuple is actually based on classic system or everything or every mapping in between is based on somehow a classic fact. and if that annoying guy phoned you, and ask "have you just leaved that god-damned cinema" he asked for a quantum fact and if you say yes(or maybe no) with 100% honesty, he will get a quantum fact. So making that decision is somehow a quantum procedure! 

I will not discuss any quantumic details on decision making, this should still be frontier research of biology or nerve science. What I wish to discuss is the procedure from informative terms to the value-ish things before decision, or in other words, what is the value of a good at any instance.

Even if human brains are far from neural network used by ai or machine learning, however, simulating the whole classic procedure, with neural network or any other regressive methods, should be working. And this procedure is quite the same like evaluationg the informative energy/ or entropy, those are barely a continous mapping from everything you know (or variables) to the numerics. if we consider those numerics as values or monetary values, it leads to a interesting story of tradings. 

All we know is, in classical micro-economics, if everyone is wise enough, a good (or service) is sold only if the seller thinks the prices or the value of that good they gave up is lower than the values of good or the value of that good. However, in this case the price or the value of a good is subjective, we prefer a physics or mathematical explaination of those concepts, and how comparisons are made. As I discribed in prevoius paragraphs, the price or value of a good is somehow similar to the informative measure of informations about this merchandise, or in otherwords, a measure of uncertainties. And this may explain why most of the Stock-exchange ai-bots failed, the key question is that do major part of the investers belive in uncertainties, if uncertainties don't work, then no extra values enters that market space, thus, in total, no extra money can be made, then stock exchange is merely a gambleing , a probabilistic game that only the post-privillaged win at last. However, if uncertainties plays a important role in stockexchange, then the statistics from market history won't equals to the values of each share, so you always need newspaper for decision making.

And I shall end here.
